Jeff Gorman along with a hotshot Hughes
REO right here big tag team title
matches with giant hillbillies will be
the opponent giant hillbillies of course
former pwx tag team champions one of the
long as reigning Tag Team Champions they
locked it back in December and they
really try to get that streak back
they've had a lot of bad luck but now
they got a title shot and maybe they can
do it but here's the scene with a lot of
momentum you see Quinn Magnum formerly
known as slavery the bodyguard twin
magnet but malleable ahjumma champion in
his own right and roll crusher who
claims to be the strongest man of pwx
and these two have really gelled into
quite a team that they have they haven't
been teaming up all that long but they
really made
name for themselves becoming pwx Tag
Team Champion they really are good tag
King not just in single dressing but it
is mad king and in the background there
you see gentlemen Joe is both the belt
over his shoulder he's really been
trying to get them golden a jealous love
for a while and here come the hillbilly
there's big Gator the 500-pound Gator
Gator along with country boy Craig
whereas I Hill boy Chris be on his way I
don't see him yet but
we could have dere right here well this
should be able to think i'm not sure
where country boy chris is do you no job
no but gainer doesn't seem to be looking
for him i guess he's not here
bodyguard
calendar from Appalachia
Kate Hudson with the rain oz was there
and he's now talking to gay or saying
we're country boy Kristin in the back I
don't think Gator knows what country
boy's birthday well it started look like
this is just going to be 1 against few
situation everyone's kind of befuddled
here and Jim Miller's out I think he's
basically dating a gay or you're on your
own you're on your own if you want
somebody can have them both and that
looks like that's what it's going to
have to be that's too bad for the
hillbillies because they really had a
good chance of winning the championship
here he says I'll take him vote on it
though Gators ready to go he wants to
jump back and he'll do himself he has to
and if anyone can do themselves gate as
a man look out look out Nick attacked
Pearl Harbor job the team of sticks and
stones at bone crusher and Quinn Magnum
and this is exactly what they have to
hear they're going to do a ton of double
teaming this match I know it that's what
they're best known for now he's bad my
from a little bit got a little insult to
injury bone crusher in the ring right
now right on the throat of Gator
Bonecrusher discordian you know in a big
man's down like that it's hard for him
to get up on his own but when he's
getting beat up it's even worse now he's
working on that leg I'm sure this was
part of the strategy of gentleman Jones
basically getting these big men are in
this case just a big man off his feet
are working on the leg
really an Achilles heel if your pardon
the pun for a big guy like data now it's
the bodyguard Quinn Magnum in there nice
gentleman Joe looking over on his team
encouraging them on and you can tell
they're really not concerned about
dragon gate over there quarter this is
really no way the Gator can tag out
nobody's a tag to sams having a good
time here the pws wrestled look out Oh
off the top rope right onto that leg and
Quinn Maggie was holding him as we play
they can really just double team dinner
and really measure them and Gator is in
a big big trouble here I lining them up
and down across that left leg bone
crusher and Quinn Magnum won the belt on
March fifteenth in carmichael
Pennsylvania by defeating JB Jesse and
Beverly has eternal de hain-cole hey
internal pains come at ringside he came
from the party life yay just arrived at
the building here he's talking to Hank
Hudson ring announcer I think he's
asking what's going on or his country
boy president I know he's looking for a
Chris and basically seas navigator by
himself and not even in his wrestling
gear just cut is outfitting what's
what's going on maybe we can get a
camera in the back Colonel pay exactly
what's going on cuddle pain one half of
the extreme militia mall with major ally
let's see what went on here is Danny
Gregor they just made your agony right
there and he's looking for Chris yeah
he's asking for Dave exhausted myself
and he's saying again basically by
himself so curl pain trying to rally
some support here but nobody seems to be
able to find her boy Chris in the back
doesn't look like anybody care don't
think major agony charge and he's and
they dragon he doesn't really want to
hear any of this even though Gators out
there getting double team exactly and it
looks like Colonel pain he comin on her
ringside
and he's going to come out and look out
oh no gentleman Joe get one he's taking
matters into his own hands didn't want
to see he's doing his job as a bodyguard
and now Colonel pain he trying to get in
the ring what are you trying to do
referee Scott bed not allowing this to
happen and Gators seems to really be in
trouble here his gentlemen George trying
to get himself back to his feet nearly
got nailed I did so curl pain it's just
better to help out here they say eternal
pain taken in watts and jewelry off he's
gonna come into the back he's teaming up
with Gator well looks like Gators
players have been answered his boat
pressure continues to work him over in
the quarter and now looks like
gatorsburg have a part of the cloud good
for Gator I mean he can really take in a
lickin but he keep it on ticking but he
doesn't have much ticking left nut in
him I don't know if he even knows that
curl pain is here to help him he just
received be getting heat up there is
gonna pay on the world gasps caught up
what's he gonna do
crusher gets meal with a spinebuster I
think he's realized Colonel pain is now
on inside he owned for the tag he made
the tag he's pounding away on both
members of stickers doll is cleaning
house in the pwx retro flex and rotate a
memory cream oh there's a dishonorable
discharge on magnet one tag team
champion allowed to be happy as I would
just do miss new tag team champions
riding the tag team partner anymore oh I
thought he was going to congratulate him
but anything but he is just waylaid his
own partner
Jeter internal pain I guess are the new
tag team champions beating both crusher
and Quinn Magnum how about that how
about that is exactly what I was going
to say we weren't ready for this but now
we have new tag-team champions